Prepare standalone docs for publication (#804)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/install-guide/index.md

The QDK is available for multiple development environments. Select your preferred setup from the sections below:

- [Q# command line application:](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.standalone) choose this approach if you want to work with Q# from the command line. This does not require a driver or a host program like the below options.
- [Install Q# for Jupyter Notebooks:](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.jupyter) choose this environment to execute Q# code in cells with embedded text or create quantum computing interactive tutorials. 

> <!---
> - [Install Q# for C#:](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.cs) choose this environment if you want to combine C# and Q# to create a C# host program that calls Q# operations.
> -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Install Q# for .NET:](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.cs) Q# can also be combined with the .NET ecosystem. Choos this environment if you want to combine F# or C# with Q# to create classical host programs that call Q# operations.
```

Author: Please see https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr/pull/806.

Reviewer 2: > Suggested change
>         
>           
>         
>       
>     
>     
>       
>           
>             
>             <!---
>           
>           
>             
>             - [Install Q# for C#:](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.cs) choose this environment if you want to combine C# and Q# to create a C# host program that calls Q# operations.
>           
>           
>             
>             -->
>           
>           
>             
>             - [Install Q# for .NET:](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.cs) Q# can also be combined with the .NET ecosystem. Choose this environment if you want to combine F# or C# with Q# to create classical host programs that call Q# operations.

Thank you, I was looking for this.
